'BHANU WINS THE LOTTERY'
Hey! Why are you wearing
tight clothing?
Tight clothing?
No, this is not tight clothing.
These are called trousers, got it?
Trousers? - Yes. - Rubbish!
This looks like a pillow cover.
No, it's not!
These are trousers,
worn by the British. Got it?
Well, if you say so. - Yes..
- Although you studied
in an ordinary school,
you're very clever
and I am equally shrewd.
- Yes.
Mukto! Hey, Mukto!
Jahar is here!
Coming!
Oh, dear! Why does he call me
in front of strangers?
Strange!
Mitali, you couldn't recognise me!
Oh, dear! What a surprise!
It's you, Mr. Jahar!
Oh, God! Why are you wearing tight
clothing like police officers?
What the heck!
Don't talk like an idiot!
Their trousers are short.
They barely cover the knees.
Jahar is wearing
full-length trousers.
This is what pops into the head
when you don't get married.
How right you are!
I did ask him to get married
but no..
He is flirting with a city girl!
Bhanu! What are you doing?
Not in front of Mitali..
Well, Mr. Jahar, what does
the girl look like? - Excellent!
Jahar, show her the photo.
Oh, feeling shy, are you?
Show her. Go on..
She's beautiful.
- They'll make a nice pair, right?
Yes, without a doubt!
What's her name?
Mini..
- Mini? - Yes..
What kind of name is that?
Her name is Mini Mitra.
It's been shortened to Mini.
Well, fine.
Now, marry her.. - No..
That's not possible as long
as Haladhar Halder is alive.
Who's Hollow?
- Not Hollow. It's Haladhar Halder.
He works as an agent
in the film industry.
Because of him, Mini is possessed
by the idea of acting in films.
Possessed?
By what?
A ghost, a demon
a witch?
What the..
Oh, let it go.
Forget it.
Guess what I've got for you
from Kolkata!
I know.
- Tell me then.
It's a confectionery wrapped in
paper. - What! - What is it called?
Toffee..
- Toffee?
No, you're wrong..
Okay, Mitali, you make a guess.
Black tobacco.
You brought that again, right?
Black tobacco?
- Yes!
We had it with some milk and sugar.
Coffee!
God, it smells ridiculous!
Coffee smells ridiculous..
No.. Wrong again. This time,
I've brought a ticket for you.
Ticket? - Yes.
From the Luck Velky Lottery draw
priced at Rs. 2.
If luck favours you
you'll win Rs. 3.95 lakhs
in the next 24 hours.
Rs. 3.95 lakhs..
Please tell me how much it will be
in terms of twenty-rupee notes.
In that case, if you stack
all the twenty-rupee notes
it will be high enough
to take you to heaven.
Rubbish!
You'll show me heaven, will you?
Why would I go to heaven
leaving Mukto here?
I won't buy the ticket.
- You won't? - No..
Why didn't you tell me that before?
- Did you bother to inform me?
I am telling you now.
- So am I.
So, you won't buy it?
- No.
You won't?
All right. Please excuse me..
- What does that mean?
It means 'okay'.
You don't have to buy it, got it?
I thought that if I buy it,
Lady Luck won't smile upon you.
So, I was asking you
to buy it instead, understood?
Otherwise, a famous broker like me
wouldn't even think twice
before spending Rs. 2 on something.
Until you approach me
and buy the ticket from me
I won't speak with you,
understood? Remember that!
Mr. Jahar. - Nonsense!
- Mr. Jahar..
He's trying to fool me
by wearing fancy suits!
You could've bought it.
- What?
The lottery ticket.
- To hell with you and your ticket!
You dare ask me to buy it!
A piece of paper with a few
fancy words written on it
that costs Rs. 2!
Do you know how much clay
you can buy with Rs. 2?
What a pitiful sight!
To hell with you and your clay!
Yes.. Mukto.
Come here.
Come closer.
Sit.
Sit down.
Are you angry? - Yes.
- Why?
Because of your behaviour.
Why did you fight with Mr. Jahar
over a measly amount?
Is that the reason?
Tomorrow, I will go to the fair
with him and sort things out.
Are you telling the truth?
- Is it that hard to believe?
Okay then.
What if I swear on you?
One, two, three!
"Would you like to buy
some earthen toys?"
"Earthen toys.."
"Would you like to buy
some earthen toys?"
"Earthen toys.."
"There are Lord Ram and Ravan
in this small cane basket of mine."
"Come and take a look
at how Lord Hanuman dances."
"There are Lord Ram and Ravan
in this small cane basket of mine."
"Come and take a look
at how Lord Hanuman dances."
"You will not get another chance.
Tell me the price you will quote."
"Would you like to buy
some earthen toys? Earthen toys.."
"The pride of Bangladesh,
Swami Vivekananda.."
"The one who astonished the world.
I have his idol in here."
"You will not get another chance.
Tell me the price you will quote."
"Would you like to buy
some earthen toys? Earthen toys.."
"Chittaranjan Das,
a freedom fighter of India.."
"A noble man, a noble soul."
"Buy an idol of his
and follow in his footsteps."
"You will not get another chance.
Tell me the price you will quote."
"Would you like to buy
some earthen toys? Earthen toys.."
"The great saint,
Chaitanya Mahaprabhu"
"who was a devotee
of Lord Vishnu.."
"Take his idol home
by paying just 4 paise."
"You will not get another chance.
Tell me the price you will quote."
"Would you like to buy
some earthen toys? Earthen toys.."
"There are Lord Ram and Ravan
in this small cane basket of mine."
"Come and take a look
at how Lord Hanuman dances."
"The great Subhas Chandra Bose
was born in this country."
"He is in this very basket.
Who said he is no more?"
"The great Subhas Chandra Bose
was born in this country."
"He is in this very basket.
Who said he is no more?"
"You will not get another chance.
Tell me the price you will quote."
"Would you like to buy
some earthen toys? Earthen toys.."
"I am an illiterate.
So, people call me foolish."
"I have
Rabindranath Tagore's blessings"
"which is an honour,
and it fills me with pride."
"You will not get another chance.
Tell me the price you will quote."
"Would you like to buy
some earthen toys? Earthen toys.."
"There are Lord Ram and Ravan
in this small cane basket of mine."
"Come and take a look
at how Lord Hanuman dances."
"There are Lord Ram and Ravan
in this small cane basket of mine."
"Come and take a look
at how Lord Hanuman dances."
"You will not get another chance.
Tell me the price you will quote."
"Would you like to buy
some earthen toys? Earthen toys.."
Hey, Jahar, are you angry with me?
Yes. - What!
- Yes.
I didn't have any money yesterday.
That's why I lied to you.
Here you go. - How much
are you paying me? - Rs. 2.
Here is the ticket.
Oh, dear, you had been carrying it
with you!
Yes, why would I not?
It's very valuable.
So, listen,
whoever wins the lottery
will be notified in the morning,
right? - Yes. - Who will do that?
A telegram will be sent to him.
- Telegram?
Is it a unit of weight?
- Oh, damn! A unit of weight!
It's not a unit of weight.
You know what a post office is,
right?
Messages are sent electrically,
that too, real fast, understood?
Then you should've said so.
Why did you call it a telegram?
Stop uttering nonsense.
You're an illiterate fool!
You don't know English.
That's what it's called, got it?
Idiot! - Well, if I win,
how much will I get?
How much will you win?
Rs. 3.95 lakhs, understood?
- Three..
Please tell me how much it will be
in terms of twenty-rupee notes.
In terms of twenty-rupee notes?
You need to use higher
denominations, got it? Idiot!
Higher denominations..
Dear.. - Yes? - What are you mixing
with the rice?
Higher denominations..
Oh, dear!
What is this?
If this is your condition
after buying a lottery ticket
then you will go mad
if you win the lottery.
Here we go!
You thought I had gone mad?
Silly girl!
I was just bluffing.
Hey, Mukto.
As soon as I bought the ticket,
you're unable to sleep!
What will you do if I win?
Come on, it's quite late.
Go to sleep.
Won't you sleep?
- Yes.. I will. You sleep now.
Telegram!
Telegram..
- A telegram, right? It's mine!
Well.. Keep that.
You're a very nice person.
Do come over one day
for a meal, all right?
I will feed you a lot of food!
My wife..
Hey, Mukto!
Mukto..
Well.. Take this basket.
Take it. Come..
No.. A basket..
A basket!
Jahar!
- Yes?
It's here!
- What?
Bhanu!
Well, Bhanu..
What?
- Nothing.
Hey..
Won't we have to..
Silly man!
Hey, Jahar.
- Yes?
What are you writing
so late at night?
We'll be reaching Kolkata
tomorrow morning, understood?
I'm making a list of the things
we have to do.
Then we'll collect the money
and wrap things up.
One more thing..
There, I will be J. Hurray.
J. Hurray?
What do you mean?
Jahar Roy.
Or as the sophisticated men call it
J. Hurray. Understood?
Listen..
Once we reach Sealdah..
- Sealdah? But you said Kolkata.
You are a moron!
- Even if I am one
does that mean you will say what
you want to? Stick to one name.
First, you said Kolkata.
Then you said Sealdah.
I'll take both the names.
- Why?
Oh, my God!
Kolkata is the city
and Sealdah is the station.
Got it?
How amusing! The names of the city
and the station are different!
Oh, dear, you're..
God!
Kolkata is the official name
and Sealdah is the nickname.
Once we reach Sealdah, I'll
call up at the Luck Velky office.
What time? What?
Right. Thank you!
Hey..
Who were you talking to
with that thing?
'That thing?'
That is called a telephone.
Oh.. Telephone!
- Oh.. Then..
Let's go. - Where?
- We have to go to the salon.
Only when we go there will you
know the reason of our visit.
Drat!
Rubbish!
Why did you throw it away?
- Why won't I?
What will people say
when they see you with this?
They'll think you're a cobbler!
Come on!
Come!
- So, you threw..
Hey, what's this?
Are you planning to kill me?
Don't get nervous.
- W-What?
Don't be scared.
- Oh..
Oh, God..
What is this?
No.. - Quiet!
- Oh, God..
Miss, trim his hair in the front.
Trim his hair a little
in the middle too.
And.. - And trim his hair a little
at the back too.
You're very smart! You got it
even before I finished talking!
What about the moustache?
Okay.
- Yes.
I need some assistance.
- What.. Who are you calling..
Hey.. I..
W-What are you doing..
Mukto!
Hey, don't tickle me!
No.. This is not tickling.
This is a massage. - Massage..
Hey, Jahar!
Jahar! - What?
- Look at this!
My cherished beard
and moustache have been shaved off!
Completely shaved off!
- Yes! That's good..
Isn't he satisfied?
Satisfied?
Oh, he is very satisfied.
Then why is he crying?
Well, crying..
Well, he is very moody.
Very moody.
When he's unhappy, he laughs.
My goodness!
And when he is happy?
When he is happy, he starts to cry.
Please pay over there.
- Oh, right..
Hey, Bhanu..
Hey..
Hey, what is this?
Keep quiet!
Don't cry!
How can someone cry like this
in a salon?
Be quiet!
God!
You really can't stop crying!
After what you did to me,
do you expect me not to?
Hey, this is Kolkata!
It's a big city.
What will people think
if you cry over petty issues?
Shame on you.
What are you staring at?
- What is that man pulling?
Oh! That's a rickshaw, understood?
It's a cheap mode of transportation
in the city.
- Oh, dear!
Is it cheaper than the carts pulled
by animals? - Yes.
So strange!
Found it!
Bhanu.
I found it!
Come!
Hush..
Bhanu, we need this outfit.
Do I have to wear
this outfit too? - Hush.
Hey, Jahar! - What?
- It's a lady!
What can I do for you?
Y-You..
No..
We.. We..
Coat, trousers
shirt and bowtie.
Follow me, please.
- Thank you! Coming.
Bhanu, come.
Excuse me.
Sorry. I'm here.
Bhanu!
Bhanu..
Did you see what happened?
- What?
That fat woman..
- Hush!
Listen.. She walked up to me,
said 'shorry'
and bumped into me!
- No, it's not 'shorry'.
She said 'sorry'. That means..
- To hell with it!
First, listen to what she did!
- Hush.. Be quiet.
For shame!
She went ahead
and removed this lady's clothes
without any hesitation
and dressed her in this.
- What.. - Look..
Silly man, it is not a lady.
It's a mannequin!
What..
- Yes, come, quickly.
The lady is waiting with
the outfit. Come on. - A mannequin?
What the..
Bhanu..
Ma'am..
Ma'am.. Hey!
- Mannequin..
Why did you hit me?
- Why did you lie to me?
Why did I hit you?
It's a mannequin!
She hit me because of you!
Some m-mannequin! - What the..
Listen, if the bigger watch
is cheaper than the smaller one
then why don't you buy
the bigger one? - Shut up!
You shut up!
Don't you have a bigger one? - Hey!
Goodness..
My neck!
What nonsense.. - Hush..
Let's go.
- Where?
To the Luck Velky Lottery office.
- I can't go.
Hey, don't you want the money?
- No, you go.
Hey! You won the lottery.
They won't give me the money.
What if they talk in English
after seeing me in these clothes?
Then you can divert the questions
to me
and say,
'Talk to my brother, please!'.
Come..
- It's so long!
God! - Can't you shorten that?
- That is not possible!
Not possible?
When you can have my beard and..
I can't do it. I won't go.
- You won't go? - No.
What will happen then?
Goodness!
- What will happen.. - Wait.
Wait.. Let me think.
- But..
Why are your legs shaking?
- I am thinking.
All right.
Idea!
- What?
Here's what you can do.
Listen, pretend that you're mute.
Mute? Goodness..
- Yes. Come on..
Let's go..
Hey, Bhanu, show me the ticket.
- I left it at the station. - Stop!
I'm talking about the lottery
ticket, not the train ticket.
Lottery.. - Okay.. Lottery ticket..
- Lottery ticket.. Give me that.
Lottery ticket..
- W-What happened?
I can't find it..
- W-What did you say?
- What! Really?
Where could I have kept it?
How careless!
Go look for it, you fool!
The lottery.. The ticket..
- God! Go on, look for it.
The lottery ticket.. Drat!
- The lottery ticket..
Bhanu, did you find it?
- What?
No..
- What? Really?
We spent all the money
I had taken on a loan.
Now, repaying the loan
will be an uphill task!
What a shame!
All that money
is lost now!
Bhanu.
Bhanu?
My heart is aching badly!
'The heart..'
I found it! It's here!
What.. - I got it.. Here it is..
It had been here all long.
Close to the heart..
'Luck Velky Suites.'
Gentlemen, meet Mr. Bhanu.
I mean, Bhanu Chitrakar.
He won the first prize
of Luck Velky Lottery!
Three cheers for lucky Bhanu!
Hip hip hurray!
Hip hip hurray..
- Goodness!
What happened?
- T-They..
They said they will beat me..
Shut up.. You're mute..
- Okay..
Hush..
You're mute..
Don't be nervous.
Go stand on the dais.
What's that?
- Hush. The wooden plank.
That's a wooden plank?
- Yes.
If I go stand on it alone,
there will be bloodshed.
You are supposed
to pretend to be mute.
Please accompany me..
- Hush..
Ladies and gentlemen.
I am very sorry.
Only gentlemen.
My friend..
Bhanu Chitrakar
didn't commit suicide
or go mad in the joy
of winning the lottery.
He has gone mute.
Oh, dear!
- No.. Don't feel bad, please..
Don't worry..
He will start talking again.
He will..
After that.. - Hey..
- Hush. You're mute.
After that, we will invest
this money in our business.
We will ask for your support.
We hope that we get it.
- Absolutely!
Gentlemen!
Thank you very much!
Thank you.
Thank you..
Bad luck!
- Whose, Mr. Halder?
Mine! Who else could it be?
I didn't win the lottery
because of the difference
of just one digit.
Who won it?
Bhanu Chitrakar, an artist
from the village of Paladanga.
Look, here is a photo of his.
Hurray!
- 'Hurray?'
Yes, it's J. Hurray.
Mr. Jahar.
Do you know him?
- I don't just know him.
We are in a relationship too!
- Really? Very good..
Take a chance.
Not much.
That kind of money
will make Lady Luck smile upon us.
We'll bag a motion picture.
We will get a promotion.
You will be the lead actress
and I'll be the director.
My growth in the professional
field has been stagnant.
After serving all the directors
for the last 14 years
I have been reduced to nothing!
Let's see what I can do.
- No, you will have to do it.
Where have Jahar and his friend
checked in?
Hotel Honolulu.
- I see..
I have to book an appointment
with Mr. Bhanu right now.
Right now? But he won't speak.
- He won't speak?
How can he? He has gone mute
in the joy of winning the lottery.
So be it. But I'll definitely talk.
- You'll talk to a mute guy?
No.
Yes?
Who?
Mini?
What a shame..
Why would you need an appointment
to meet me?
Mini, you weren't like this before.
Mini, my naughty girl..
Shut up.
No.. Not you.
No..
Not you..
My sweetheart!
Naughty..
My naughty girl.. What?
All right.. Do hurry.
I am waiting for you.
Very good..
Bye..
What are you staring at?
It's that girl, isn't it?
You got me.
- Why would I not?
You are blushing!
- Stop it!
Go bathe, quickly.
- Right now? - Yes..
Hey.. - What?
- What will I wear after bathing?
God! The dressing gown
is in the bathroom. Go!
I-I will have to tie
the drawstring again.
God! Go bathe, quickly.
We have to go to the bank.
W-What's a bank? - The place
where money is deposited.
In your name.
- In your name.
No, in your name.
- No.. Yours.
Oh, God!
Not in my name.
The money's yours and money makes
the world go round. Understood?
I could convince her to be your
friend just because of the money.
Go bathe, quickly..
"La.."
May I come in?
- What? Who is it?
Mini? Come in, please.
Come in..
Please sit.
If I hadn't asked,
you wouldn't have called me.
Would I not have?
- No, you wouldn't have.
Previously,
when you would go on a leave
we would exchange
a ton of letters.
But this time..
This time..
I thought
of sending our wedding card
instead of a letter.
Oh, my God!
I'm getting scalded! God..
I'm getting scalded..
Hey, Jahar, where are you?
What happened?
I turned on the hot water
instead of the cold one. - Great!
My entire body is burning!
Oh, my God..
Oh, my God! Why should I?
- Shut up! Quiet!
It is burning like hell
and I can't even cry!
Quiet! - What? - Did you forget
that you've gone mute?
I am mute.. - Quiet!
- Oh, God!
Please don't be angry, dear.
No.. Don't look away.
Talk to me, please.
- I will.
But on one condition.
- Only one?
Only one?
Tell me what it is.
Arrange for some money
for the film, please.
I'd rather commit suicide
than do that.
Mini, you don't even know
when you will give up the pursuit
of being an actress
and dream
about settling down with me.
With that hope in my heart,
I still haven't got married.
I see.. Do you think I am asking
for the money to become an actress?
Then what do you need
the money for?
I will be a producer.
- A producer?
Very good!
Then go for it!
What about the money?
- Money?
Show Bhanu your studio once
and let me understand the business.
Then you will get the money.
Really?
Yes.
I finished bathing quickly
after being scalded by hot water.
So, I am back.
It's that girl, right?
- What?
That girl.
- Who are you?
This is Bhanu.
But he can talk.
- Why wouldn't I be able to?
I am not mute, you know.
But the papers published that..
- The papers?
You mean, the newspapers, right?
They publish rubbish.
Sit, Bhanu..
Sit..
Mr. Bhanu.
Our studio..
- What's that?
Studio, the place
where films are made.
Film.. - Yes..
She was saying that..
I invite you two to our studio
tomorrow evening. - Okay..
You will come, won't you?
Of course!
- Yes, of course.. I will!
Yes..
- We will!
This is Radha Film Studio.
Jahar..
Let's go in.
MGS Pictures is shooting a film
on this floor.
- Great.. - Great..
You rush in.. - Okay.
- But do not stop.
Then you see.. What do you see..
- What do I see? What?
You see that..
- That it's shaking.. A lot..
Y-Yes..
- Shaking.
Kanai, has the light been fixed?
- Turn on light number 30!
A little to the left..
The people here have poor
eyesight. - Why do you say that?
Otherwise, why would
the lights be so bright? - I see.
In order to see everything clearly
a lot of light is needed.
And apart from that.. - Quiet!
Quiet on the sets!
- Move the lights a little..
Monitor!
- Yes, ready.
Mini.
- Yes?
I don't quite understand this.
Let a few days go by. After that,
you will understand everything.
It's better if you write
the story. - Me? - Yes, you.
Writing a story for a film
is not a Herculean task.
No, I won't be able to write that.
Then let Mr. Bhanu write..
- Who? Bhanu?
Will he be able to do something
I can't?
Hey, listen, have one
of the writers of books hired.
How can writers of books
write the script of a film?
Instead,
I'll have Mr. Halder write it.
Where has Bhanu gone?
Don't worry about him.
Mr. Halder is with him.
Now, we are taking!
Kanai? - Taking..
Lights!
Hold on..
- Be quick.. Do it quickly..
Basu, take two.
- Come on..
Now, it's ready.
- All right. Start sound!
Running.
- Ready.. - Take two.
Bhanu, action!
Bhanu, go!
Hey, Bhanu!
Run to the scene..
You! - I was going to ask
the same question.
I am Bhanu Bandopadhyay.
You've come to watch a shoot
in Tollygunge
and you don't know who I am?
But who are you?
Sir.
Did you get a duplicate
for I couldn't give you any dates?
Hey.. Sir, sorry!
Let's go!
What could Bhanu be doing?
This is the problem with him..
He is friendly to everyone
no matter where he goes.
Sir? - Sir?
- Sir, over here! Sir!
Over here!
Coming.
Congratulations, Mini!
I heard the good news this morning
at Halder's house.
Which news? - You're a star now,
a film star in the making.
The lottery winner
is your financier now.
A big shot film star
is working in this film and..
Let me introduce him to you.
Mr. J. Hurray.. Mr. Jahar.
And this is Mr. Lane,
a big shot in the film industry.
He's very dear to me.
- Hello. - Hello!
Can I take a photo of yours,
Ms. Mini?
Sure, why not!
- Can you please get up?
Get up.
Thank you.
Please move.
No, not closer to her.
Move away.
Ms. Mini, please lie down.
Not like that.
Like this.
Now, move your legs..
Right.
Now.. Okay!
Drat!
There is a dog in the background!
Sir, please go there.
Ready!
Thank you!
I'll publish this photo
on the cover page
of the next issue
of 'Filmy Duniya', the magazine.
I'd like to take your leave now.
One day, I will come over
for some tea. - Okay.
Great..
No one cares about me..
Are you angry?
- Yes!
Why?
- Because I am not happy!
Why not?
- 'Why not?'
The way you were posing
with that man!
That man?
He is a big shot of the film..
Forget about him!
You tell me!
For shame..
Really, Mini?
You say something
but you don't mean it.
Yesterday, you told me
that you wanted to be a producer.
Now, you want to become an actress?
You don't want me
to realise my dreams.
Is this how much you love me?
- To hell with it!
I won't talk to you.
- What!
You won't talk to me?
She won't talk..
So be it!
To hell with everything..
Drive!
Why are you here by yourself?
Mr. Halder.
- Yes?
Call Kanjia so that Mr. Bhanu
can be driven back to the hotel.
Taxi?
- Where is Jahar? - He left.
No..
How can he leave without me?
Come..
- Well.. What?
What do you want?
- Should I serve the food?
Let Mr. Bhanu come back.
- You two went out together.
Yes, we did
but then I got angry with someone
and came back.
But that poor soul
was left behind.
Bhanu, you're back.
How did you come back alone?
- Well, not alone.
Mini dropped me off at the hotel.
- Mini? - Yes!
That lady!
Mini?
- Yes.
You stormed off in a fit of rage.
She dropped me here. - Bhanu!
Don't utter her name in front of
me! I don't want to see her again!
What are you staring at?
Go serve the meal!
Mini!
What did you ask him to bring?
- Food! - I see.
I'm done eating.
You didn't eat last night either.
Come on, eat.
Hey, you may leave now.
What is wrong with you?
- I am not in a good mood.
Oh, is that the reason?
Then you should eat more.
Starving oneself in a bad mood
upsets the stomach. - Let it be.
You won't eat, will you?
Let it not go to waste then.
Oh, the food is delicious!
Answer the phone.
- What?
Pick up the phone!
Pick it up, quickly!
It's upside down.
Hello?
If I try to go any closer to hell,
I will fall.
Mr. Bhanu?
- Yes, this is Bhanu.
Can I stand straight now?
- Yes. - Okay.
Bathroom..
- What are you saying?
No, not you. Not you.
Who are you?
This is Mini. - Oh!
- Put Jahar on the line, please.
Jahar! It's her!
- What! Mini?
Oh, shut your mouth!
- Okay, I will.
What!
- I have shut my mouth.
Well..
- What are you saying?
Why are you making her wait?
Talk.
I don't talk to people
who get angry all the time.
'I don't talk to people who get
angry all the time..' - Hey!
Moron!
- Mr. Bhanu..
Are you listening?
He is very angry, isn't he?
Yes, a lot.
- I am coming over.
Ask him to stay there, okay?
Bye.
Mini is coming over.
- When?
Right now. - Tell her
that I left regarding some work.
It's very important
and I will be busy for a few days.
I'll be out regarding some work.
Understood?
'Tell her
that I left regarding some work.'
'I will be busy for a few days.'
'Very important work.
Important work..'
Jahar?
Are you leaving?
- Yes!
Didn't you know
that I was coming over? - I did!
Don't you have anything
to tell me?
In fact, I do.
Tell me then.
Go upstairs and hear about it!
- Upstairs? - Yes.
Bhanu will tell you about it.
Jahar has gone out..
Regarding some important work.
V-Very important work..
Jahar has gone out..
Regarding some important work.
He will be busy for a few days.
Jahar has gone out..
Regarding some important work.
He will be busy for a few days.
Jahar has gone out..
Regarding some important work.
He will be busy for a few days.
Work.. - Work?
I got that.
After that? - After that..
He didn't say anything after that.
You are a simpleton.
Is it possible to make you memorise
and say anything he wishes?
You see..
Why would I lie intentionally?
Very true.
Won't you ask me to sit?
- P-Please!
Why did you get up?
- Because you sat down.
So what? - Nothing..
I mean.. - That means
you are very shy.
- W-What do you mean?
Bashful.
- No..
Actually..
Two people alone in a room..
Well..
- I got it.
Sit down.
When Jahar didn't receive my call
I knew he wouldn't wait for me.
I met him on the way.
He didn't even talk to me properly.
Can you guess
why I came here anyway?
I-I don't know..
To see someone.
- Who?
You.
- Why?
Because I love to see you..
- W-What..
Get up.
- Get up? - Yes!
Then why did you ask me to sit?
So that I could ask you
to get up.
I see. Do I have to do
the squats? - No.
We'll go out.
- Go out?
Jahar is not here. How can I
go alone.. - You're not alone.
We will go out together.
W-Why did you stop?
- Won't you change? - I see..
Are we going to get some fresh air?
- No. - Then?
We're going on an outing.
- Oh, I see, an outing..
It would have been great
had Jahar been here.
Let's go back.
- Why?
Seems like
you don't like my company.
No..
I like it.
That's a lie.
- No.. It's true. I swear on you.
You and I are all alone
in the car.
And you touched me..
I'm feeling very shy.
- Feeling shy..
Who are they? I bet they're here
to marvel at the river.
No, they are homeless.
They haven't yet managed to find
a place to stay. - I see.
What are you looking at?
- How ironical!
People are starving
but we feed the animals.
The tiger growled!
Why are you plugging your nose?
- It stinks!
The tiger? - No!
The people who went by..
Oh, God!
How is the zoo?
- Very nice!
Don't they rent rooms here?
Why? - Well,
we could have stayed here.
Come to my house tomorrow
sharp at 6 p.m.
I see.. - I will take you
to another zoo. - I see.
B-But I don't know the route.
Here is my address.
If you show this
to the taxi driver.. - But..
But why take the trouble?
When Jahar comes..
Don't do that, not even by mistake!
- Why?
He is furious with me.
- That is true.
If he learns that we're going out..
- He will be very angry, I know.
Tomorrow.. A-At 6 p.m.?
- Yes, right.
I was playing hide and seek
the way.. - Where are you going?
I am going out.
- Why were you sneaking out?
Did you let me go out
when I wanted to?
Don't go out alone in the evening.
You'll be lost and invite trouble.
Come on now!
Sit.
Don't you feel suffocated
staying indoors all day?
If you won't let me go alone,
come with.. No..
No.. How can I go?
You are right.
Mini is cross with me.
What if she comes for me
and then goes back? No..
I won't be able to leave the room.
- Can I take him?
Kharibuddin, take him out.
- Please come.
Don't go too far.
What happened?
Can I say something?
- Please.
Wherever we are going..
We're going there together.
When we are going together
you will see what I do.
Right.
- Really?
Well, if you see what I do
you will tell Jahar about it,
right? - Certainly.
Seriously?
Okay, what if I go alone
and not take you along?
I won't see or say anything.
- You won't say anything?
In that case, you..
You won't go!
What?
Why?
- To keep my mouth shut.
I see..
A bribe..
Cutlets and custard pudding.
Wow, that looks beautiful!
It would have been
even more beautiful on clay.
Hey! That's not meant
to be consumed!
You cleanse your hands with that.
Now, get up.
- Why?
We will dance.
- You will make me dance too?
Come on.
How do you feel?
- I feel like I will fall.
Initially, it will be
a little uncomfortable
but after some time..
- I will die!
Damn it!
I can't dance anymore!
I cannot take it anymore..
I cannot take it anymore.
I can't do this anymore!
I feel at ease now.
Grandma used to say
that if one steps on a
banana peel and falls down
a rope is tied around
his affected leg
and he is subjected
to this treatment..
Oh! Ouch!
Oh, God!
Oh, dear..
My leg is no more lifted..
What a beautiful place!
- Do you feel good to be here?
Yes! Wow!
So many flowers!
There are many more.
- Let's go, check them out.
Let's go.
Mini, I couldn't
find you at your house.
There's no one in office
at lunch time..
You are not feeling good, right?
That's fine..
Hey!
You are crying!
Oh, please! No.. My sweetheart!
Please don't shout..
I am not a thief,
a crook or a rogue..
How could you just touch a
woman who you don't know..
No, it's not that.
There was a lady who used to
be at this desk and do
the same work as you..
So, I mistook you for her..
We are.. - I see..
Are you talking about Mini?
- Yes, exactly!
How do you know? - We used
to go for typing classes together.
I see!
- But I didn't recognise you.
Let me introduce him.
- Uncle!
He is my nephew,
Mr. Jahar.
He worked here for long..
He was my right-hand.
She is Ms. Maya Thang.
She is working here
in Mini's place.
Ms. Thang, can you please
go out for some time?
Come, Jahar. Sit.
Do you have a cigarette?
You are elder to me..
Don't care about all that
when it comes to smoking.
Not bad. Here.
How can I smoke in front of you..
No.. - When the son touches 16,
he becomes a friend.
I mean, as they say
once the son touches 16,
he becomes his dad's friend.
Here.
You are still too young to
carry one full can of them!
If you keep a full can with you
you'll smoke frequently
and that'll harm your lungs.
Now, to business.
Listen, my dear.
As you know, I need funds
to get things going.
I have done businesses
worth lakhs of rupees
from this small room.
There had been
profits and losses..
But recently, a month ago,
owing to a speculation
a large amount got blocked
and we're about to shut down.
Now, I want your help.
I see.. How much do
you think I can help?
You can do a lot.
Ask your friend, Bhanu
to invest some money.
- Bhanu!
He is too old-fashioned to
understand your business.
Oh, make him interested!
Make him understand.
I will do that,
if you cannot.
When do I come over?
In the evening..
You will not find him
there in the evening.
He will come back
only at 10-11 p.m.
Where does he stay
in the evening?
No.. He just roams around.
"Let's play the game of love.."
"Let's play the game of love."
"No matter how the weather is,
keep your spirits up."
"Let's play the game of love.."
"There is no pain or despair
in this game.."
"The scorching heat is
the soothing moonlight."
"And let us get lost"
"in a world where there
are just the two of us."
"No matter how the weather is,
keep your spirits up."
"Let's play the game of love.."
"Even if a crow's cawing
gets you mad"
"think that it's
a cuckoo singing."
"Even if a crow's cawing
gets you mad"
"think that it's
a cuckoo singing."
"And the two of us,
enjoying the day, hand in hand"
"looking into
each other's eyes."
"No matter how the weather is,
keep your spirits up."
"Let's play the game of love.."
"You think of me as Juliet
and yourself as Romeo."
Who's Romeo?
- The legendary foreign lover.
I see. A foreign
legendary lover!
"You think of me as Juliet
and yourself as Romeo."
"Never let sadness
get you depressed."
"It feels great to experience
the feelings"
"and emotions of love."
"No matter how the weather is,
keep your spirits up."
"Let's play the game of love.."
How does it feel
to be with me?
- It feels nice. And you?
Me?
I feel like I am a heroine.
- Hey! What's that?
It means that..
In movies..
- I see.. I got it.
Like we see in movies..
Mr. Bhanu.
- Yes..
I dream of it..
- What?
That I am a heroine.
- Yes, why not?
Would you be happy?
- Yes!
But I will need money.
- I will give you.
You! Why will you?
Because you need it
and I have it.
How much will you give me?
Everything!
I mean, everything I have.
- Yes!
If you give me all,
you won't have anything left.
That is fine.
- What if I leave you?
I see. That's fine..
I will make dolls
and sing songs..
Songs! - Yes. I will sing
songs and sell dolls.
I will watch you in movies.
You will be a superstar.
I will listen to your songs.
But you won't be able to see me.
What happened?
Nothing. Let's go.
You will close your eyes, right?
Okay then..
Even I feel like
closing my eyes now.
Yes.. This is like..
I am.. Who is it?
I see.. Bhanu!
Bhanu..
Where do you stay till
so late in the night?
I-I just roam around.
What? Just like that!
How do you roam around
all alone?
Not alone.
- With whom? - Not alone.
Who do you roam around with?
No one in particular..
All the people who walk..
I see. The people who walk..
With them..
What are you drinking?
- What?
What Devdas used to drink.
Devdas! - Yes.
- What would he drink?
Devdas used to love a girl.
And he started drinking
after failing in love.
Even I loved a girl
and even I failed.
So..
Oh, God! You are an alcoholic!
How shameful!
Sh! Don't say that!
Say yes to drinks!
Do you get it?
Hey, Jahar! What are you doing?
I'm coming in.
You..
You came back just now!
- What?
Do you think you can
have your own way here?
You cannot do this here.
- I won't. Who are you?
I see. You cannot recognise me!
I am Dayalkrishna Dam!
Jahar is my nephew.
I see. You are his uncle.
Then, you are my uncle too.
I am happy to see that
you are well-cultured.
What is this? Why is
Jahar lying like that?
Who gets all this here?
I don't. He's got it here.
He has started drinking now.
That's fine.
So people are rich but your
choices are cheap.
What a shame!
- No, it's rum. - Quiet!
This is cheap stuff!
You are elder to us.
How can you drink all this..
My wish.
Do as I say, not as I do.
Get up!
Whose cigarette is this?
- Not mine. They are his.
Obstinate brat!
You've bought a can again!
I don't smoke. - Sit.
Bhanu.
- Yes?
You cannot sit at home and spoil
yourself with all that money.
If you say so, that..
- So be it! - Good..
What does that mean?
- Good. - Good.
From tomorrow onwards, you guys
will work for my share market.
Give me just Rs. 20,000
I will use it wisely and you'll
earn huge profits.
What say?
- Yes.. - Right?
Stop..
Hopeless, Mini..
Dayalkrishna Dam convinced Bhanu
to invest money and was
successful in doing so
in one day and you!
You get tense way too easily..
How can I help it?
What if Bhanu gets
addicted to this?
Don't worry. I will handle it.
- I know that.
What? Right.
Yes. What's the
price of iron now?
I see! Sell it off..
Hello!
The market closes in
five minutes. Be quick..
Goodbye.
There's magic in business if
you know the trick, dear..
I had invested the money you
two gave me in the share market.
It has become thrice the amount
in just 20 days' time!
Hey! You seem to be
lost in thoughts.
What? Mini.
- Mini!
No.. Nothing!
- Oh, I see!
Ms. Thang.
- Yes?
We are going out.
Please close the office.
Yes.. - Let's go, dear.
- Yes..
Shall I pour you some more?
What?
- Shall I pour you some more..
Really? - Yes. - Go ahead.
Half a glass.
- Half a glass! - Yes.
Don't add soda..
- No soda!
Uncle..
You have been quiet since long..
I have been talking all
this while. Say something.
I am not able to meet
Bhanu for quite some days.
But he hasn't been able
to go too far yet.
I was assessing your
love relationship.
And I was taken aback.
What will happen to me, Uncle?
- That's what worries me.
Really? - Yes, no wonder.
Mini doesn't come here.
And Bhanu roams around all alone.
- Yes..
And he comes back late every day.
- Yes.
Do you know with whom he
roams around and where?
No.
- You don't.. All right!
I will take you to a place
tomorrow evening.
Where to?
- To a party.
To a party!
- Yes. - Party..
Ladies and gentlemen!
Now, Mr. Bhanu will sing a song
for you all.
D-Do I have to sing?
Yes. Didn't you tell me
the other day that you
would sing songs..
- But that's different.
How can I sing
that song here?
Mr. Bhanu, please come.
- Oh, gosh!
Uncle, what will happen now?
He is..
Come on.
- Why? - Won't you sing for us?
Hey, come on.. - Hey, what the..
- Come on.. - This is unfair..
What is this?
- Come..
Please.. - No!- Please sing.
- How can you force me? Go!
Start. - What?
- Hold it. - What?
Sing!
- What!
Do I really have to?
- Please do it!
No..
One! One, two, three, four..
Uncle, let go of me!
Bhanu will be humiliated!
Let him be! - Really?
In front of all!
With me being here!
Never!
He is my friend after all!
Let me go!
Here you are..
Thank God you came!
Do this.. Get out of here..
Go.
"When Brahma decided to weigh
the two of us. Lord Brahma.."
"Do we weigh the same?"
"Yes, we do.."
"When Brahma decided to weigh
the two of us."
"O' Almighty.."
"When he weighed
more than me.."
"I fell down.."
Hey, you collapsed!
No, I am..
- What do you mean?
Try and understand..
- I see.. - Wait..
"The weighing scale
couldn't hold the weight"
"and I fell down."
"This story dates back"
"to those times!"
"When Brahma decided to weigh
the two of us."
"O' Almighty.."
"He has no idea how many.."
"And you weighed less."
"Lord,
You are weak and feeble.."
"That's why You took a leap"
"and reached heaven.."
"When Brahma decided to weigh
the two of us."
"O' Almighty.."
"God, You had created me"
"by instilling life into me
just once.."
"But I make You so many times.."
"And that's the reason I say"
"I am way stronger
than You!"
"When Brahma decided to weigh
the two of us."
"Lord Brahma..
Do we weigh the same?"
"Yes, we do.."
You here!
- I had something to talk about.
It's very important.
Please come.
Where were you till so late?
- I had some work.
Do you understand where you
are heading
overwhelmed by your desire to
become a heroine?
I am not blind. - But you
have chosen the wrong path.
The wrong path!
- Yes, the wrong path.
We have our eyes fixed
on the same prey.
The prey might give us the slip
but we may well end up
hurting each other.
I didn't quite understand
what you meant.
Don't act too innocent, Mini.
You have to forget Bhanu.
- Why?
I need him.
- So do I. - I see.
Are you challenging me?
- No!
I just accepted your challenge.
I didn't feel bad
that she challenged me.
But do you know
what got me upset?
She cheated on you. She didn't
value you. - Uncle..
She has wooed your friend,
Bhanu, and they are now
in deep love..
- Stop it.. Uncle!
I know all that you
say is not wrong.
But please tell me
that all you said is a lie!
Not now! This affects
your liver big time.
Drink in the evening.
- Really?
No, Uncle, that cannot happen!
You are right..
I must meet my Mini
at once! Mini!
Mini! Mini!
- This is..
Jahar.. You!
So you recognise me!
- I never wanted not to.
Do you mean it?
- What? - Are you serious?
Why are you roaming
around with Bhanu
after breaking up with me?
Tell me!
Tell me. - As I wish!
- Really?
Her wish!
How dare she..
Okay then!
She has dumped me and she
slammed the door in my face!
Who is responsible for this?
Tell me!
How do I know?
- Oh, really?
Do you know what this is?
- Yes. But why this?
This is meant to kill you.
I will shoot you in your head!
Hey, we are friends.
- Oh, really?
You've proved that to me.
- What do you mean?
You have. - How?
- Are you serious?
Don't act innocent
and try to deceive me.
You need to stop going
around with Mini.
Choose just one!
- Between what?
Between me and Mini.
Choose one.
- Why should I choose Mini?
Don't you ever forget this. If
I ever spot you talking to her
laughing or singing with her
I shall kill you!
- Do whatever you want
but take that away!
- Shut your mouth!
Beware!
I hope you haven't forgotten
what I told you last night.
Be careful. You falter
and you are dead!
'If I spot you talking to her,
laughing or singing with her..'
'As the artist who was
supposed to come has not'
'Mahadev Dhuli and co. will
play the dhol and the bell.'
'A Night of sacrifice.'
What's wrong, Mr. Bhanu?
'You must maintain
no ties with Mini!'
'Choose one!'
I waited for you the entire day.
But you didn't come.
You didn't even answer my calls.
Hey! You are crying!
Come on! I am being
considered the one spoiling
your relationship with Jahar.
What would people think?
How shameful!
What a shame!
Jahar has gone mad.
I am in a battle with my
mind over what I want.
I will fix our relationship
once I become a heroine.
Let's go.
- No! - What!
Do you know what Jahar said?
Do you know what he will do
if he spots me with you?
He'll shoot me dead!
So will you let your
fear transform this
into the truth, Bhanu?
- No!
So, let's go.
- Let's go!
Wait! - Why? - Let me
get dressed properly!
Taxi..
Mr. Bhanu,
what are you thinking?
How foolish of me!
His pistol scared me to death!
What a shame!
Really. Had you not come..
- What would've happened?
Our love relationship would
have got.. - Stand up..
I will never repeat this..
- Hey! - What happened?
Mr. Bhanu.. - Mini!
Where are you going?
To Mr. Bhanu.
- I won't let you!
Jahar!
- You will come with me. Yes.
'What made you think
you escaped?'
'Stand up!'
'Hands up! Walk backwards,
towards the door.'
'I warned you many times
but you didn't pay heed.'
'Stop!
I will shoot you dead today.'
No..
'The drama ends here.'
'The next announcement
will happen shortly.'
Why are you mum?
I don't talk to the one who
wants to fix relationships
at gunpoint.
- Pistol! Where?
In your hand.
This is just a replica.
Why did you get it then?
- To get Bhanu scared.
What makes you feel that
if you scare him away
I'll be all yours?
- No matter what it takes.
I will not sit on my hands.
I want to claim what is mine!
And no one can take
you away from me!
Bhanu..
So you are here to
kill me again! No.
I can't die again..
I died once, not again..
Bhanu..
Catch him..
Nab him..
Hey! Let go.
Why me?
Didn't you call me mad?
- No! Why would I?
Let go of me!
Nab him..
Bhanu..
- Bhanu..
- Nab him..
Hey! - Bhanu..
- Wait.. - Nab him.
Bhanu..
- Nab him..
Nab him..
- Come on!
Bhanu..
- Nab him..
Nab him..
Bhanu..
- Nab him..
Nab him..
Bhanu..
- Nab him..
Come on.. Nab him..
Bhanu..
Bhanu, get down!
Bhanu!
Get down!
Bhanu..
Bhanu!
I.. Mukto..
Y-You! - Why..
- You here!
Are you cracking a joke
so early in the morning?
This is where I always was.
Bhanu..
Mr. Jahar is calling you.
Open the door.
Bhanu..
Bhanu! Bhanu.. - It hurts..
- Bhanu..
Let go of me! My belly.
It hurts, let go! - We..
How can I let you go?
I'll make you my partner
and take you to Kolkata. - No!
No.. - Come on! - You have
won the lottery.
Won't you claim the money?
No.. I have already
seen a dream before
I got the money.
So, I better not claim it.
Did you see a dream?
- It was such a dream!
I went to Kolkata and fell
in love with Mini..
You shot me but I survived.
But after that,
I left everyone behind
and sailed up in the air..
And soon after
I started flying
God made me fall on the
ground and made me realise.
What did He make you
realise? - He made me realise
that there's no happiness
in scaling heights
leaving others behind.
No, Jahar..
Distribute the
money amongst all.
Do it.. - What do you mean
by that? What about you?
Even I will get my share.
That will allow me to be
in my house, with her.
Mukto.. The 10 a.m. train has left.
Give me tea and snacks.
Right away.
"You had created me just once.."
"Just once.."
"But I make You"
"many a time"
"And that makes me
way stronger than You."
"When Brahma decided to
weigh the two of us.."
"The Almighty.."